# Meeting Notes
## Meta Info
- **Date/Time** Feb 22 2026 @ 2:30 PM
- **Location** Discord
- **Attendance**
  - [X] Kilhoon (Andy) Kim
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [X] Dorje Pradhan
  - [X] Vy (Kiet) Dang
  - [ ] Kobe Wood
- **Purpose** 

## Notes
### EDA Checkpoint
First step: duplicate `01-DataCheckpoint` notebook then rename it to `02-EDACheckpoint`. Don't forget to include new sections for EDA.

#### Brainstormed Ideas (Unorganized)
- **Important note about playmodes**: it is OKAY count games across multiple playmodes e.g. a game can count as both singleplayer/multiplayer as (1) it may be hard to tell (2) some games literally have multiple playmodes.
  - Make this a discussion point and talk about bias and effects on the data.
- Something about showing trends
  - Concerning the number of games
    - How many multiplayer/etc. games are there in the top 250 in x year? --> distribution (stacked bar charts w/ x-axis = year)?
    - Line chart to represent visual increase or decrease in number of games
  - Concerning the player counts (do for both **average** and **peak** player counts)
    - Normalize using player count proportions per game mode and seeing how it changes over time (line chart?)
    - Boxplot/density plot/stacked bar/grouped bar plot that shows the proportion distribution of player counts per period (where x-axis = '18-'19, '20-'21, etc.)
  - If it helps (but we're not sure if it *would* help):
    - See if there's a correlation between the proportion of play modes in the top 250 per year and the proportion of player counts per game mode.

#### Concrete Organization
- Play mode distributions/Number of games in top 250s
  - Distribution of play modes in top 250 per COVID period
  - Visualize the increase/decrease trend of the number of games in the top 250 per period
    - Maybe we want more granularity (like per month or per year to see if there are any changes WITHIN a period?)
- Average player count
  - Player count proportions per play mode and how it changes over time
  - Proportion distribution per period
- Peak player count
  - Player count proportions per play mode and how it changes over time
  - Proportion distribution per period
- [Optional/If time] Correlation (if needed?)
  - Player count proportions ~ proportion of play modes in top 250 per period/year?


### To-Do
- Waiting on Data Checkpoint feedback
- **Please use seaborn for visuals.**

| Person | Section | 
| ----   | ----    |
| Andy   | Peak Player Counts (Section 3 of EDA) |
| Ashley | Num Game/Play mode distribution (Section 1 of EDA) |
| Dorje  | Average Player Counts (Section 2 of EDA) |
| Kiet   | Num Game/Play mode distributions (Section 1 of EDA) |
| Kobe   | Reach out to us please (Discord) |

# Next meeting: 3/1 @ 2:30pm
- Please make about 90% progress by our next meeting :)
- Please branch then we'll merge.