# Meeting Notes
## Meta Info
- **Date/Time** Feb 01 2026 @ 1:00 PM
- **Location** Discord
- **Attendance**
  - [X] Kilhoon (Andy) Kim
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [X] Dorje Pradhan
  - [X] Vy (Kiet) Dang
  - [ ] Kobe Wood
- **Purpose** Go over the project proposal together, share ideas.

## Notes
### Topics and Research Question
**Credits (Authors)** to change(?):
  - Andy Kim: Writing – original draft
  - Ashley Vo: Conceptualization, Writing – review & editing, Project administration
  - Dorje Pradhan: Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
  - Kiet Dang: Background research, Writing – original draft
  - Kobe Wood: Writing – review & editing

**Question** 
"How did the relative popularity of each different video game mode (singleplayer versus multiplayer versus online co-op) on PC via Steam change between the pre-COVID period (2018-2019), the COVID period (2020-2021), and post-COVID period (2021-2023) among the top player-count Steam games given 50 games from each category?"
- It's a bit wordy. Refine as needed, perhaps.


#### Definitions
- Ideas to define **popularity**:
  - Average concurrent player count over x period
  - Peak player count
  - Average playtime per player/per week/over each period (pre/during/post COVID)
  - Achievement completion rate
  - Does Steam have a statistic to measure new players?
  - Google Trends to see search interest in a game

#### Data
- Steam Charts: https://steamcharts.com/
Steam Web API (requires key): https://steamcommunity.com/dev
- Kaggle:
  - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lunthu/steam-monthly-average-players 
  - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/artermiloff/steam-games-dataset 
- Google Trends

Maybe find more sources that may be helpful?


#### Hypothesis
Multiplayer games will be more popular than singleplayer games during the COVID-19 period and probably see a decline afterwards.


#### Ethics
- Data Collecction
  - No subjects
  - Bias: 
  - No PII
  - No data collected on protected groups
- Data storage
  - Data is publically available and we're not collecting anything.
- Analysis
  - Acknowledge other platforms exist (e.g. Nintendo, Sony, Xbox) but our question is narrowed down to PC and Steam.
  - Dataset bias: Maybe? There could be wealthy backers to promote certain games.
  - Honest representation: we'll see and try! :)
  - No PII so privacy not relevant.
  - Auditability: Note to selves: document our process well!
- Modeling
  - We're considering PC players as a general population. Bias and discrimination aren't really too relevant to our question.
  - Explainability and communicating limitations: we're not predicting anything nor making a model.
- Deployment
  - Monitoring and evaluation: we're not deploying a model.
  - Redress and Roll back: not really applicable.
  - Unintended use: we're using public data.

### Team Expectations
- Communication
  - Discord is our main form of communication. We have a group chat.
  - If there's a message that needs responding/acknowledgement, respond within 24 hours (48 hours if it's an emergency). If there is a meeting coming up and we ask if everyone is ready, then an almost immediate response is expected.
  - Stay reasonably respectful to one another. If you don't agree with someone else, talk about it or bring another person (or the entire group if needed) to discuss the matter. 
  - If you can't do something or make a meeting, let us know. For project tasks, let us know ASAP (i.e. as soon as you find out) so we can reorganize task assignment. Missing a meeting isn't detrimental but that means you can't provide your input on something live. Read the meeting notes if you can't make a meeting please.
- Decision making
  - Majority vote
  - Addressing non-responsive teammates: 
    - First offense: check-in and see if everything is okay 
    - Second offense: depends but we'll talk with you again. 
    - Clearly becoming a pattern: talk to a TA or professor.
- Task Expectations:
  - No defined roles, so everyone is expected to do a bit of everything? For each meeting, have at least one notetaker.
  - GitHub projects/Kanban board for task progress and assignment
- Struggling with work:
  - If you can't complete something, let the team know (sooner the better).
- Conflict resolution
  - Talk about it! If you don't say something, there's no way we'd know what's wrong.
  - Refusing to do work: see addressing non-responsive teammate

### Project Timeline 
Known hard deadlines:
- Februrary 4: Project Proposal
- Februrary 18: Data Checkpoint
- March 4: EDA Checkpoint
- March 18: Final Project + Video

Tentative meetings (awaiting input from **Kobe**):
| Date | Time | To Complete Before | Discuss at Meeting |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |  ---- |
| 2/8  | 2pm  | Look into data sets | Our findings: what was a good or bad dataset? Finalize and pick datasets of interest. Split up work for Data Checkpoint? |
| 2/15 | 2pm  | Make progress on assigned Data Checkpoint tasks. | Check in on Data Checkpoint progress and see what needs to be finalized. |
| 2/22 | 2pm  | Read up on EDA checkpoint requirements; come into meeting with ideas on how to approach things | Discuss EDA and split up tasks for EDA checkpoint. |
| 3/1  | 2pm  | Make 70-80% progress on EDA tasks | Check in on EDA progress and see what needs to be done. |
| 3/8  | 2pm  | Wrap up any loose ends we didn't finish (if applicable). Read up on final project expectations. | Discuss final project tasks and split up tasks. |
| 3/15 | 2pm  | Make about 80% progress on final project tasks. | Discuss the video work. |

### To-Do
Divvy up [Project Proposal](https://github.com/COGS108/Group038_WI26/blob/master/00-ProjectProposal.ipynb) tasks:
| Person | Section | 
| ---- | ---- |
| Andy | Ethics, Background & Prior Work |
| Ashley | Authors, Research Question, copy-paste (see below) |
| Dorje | Hypothesis, Background & Prior Work |
| Kiet | Background & Prior Work |
| Kobe | Review? |

Copy and paste from these notes to proposal:
- Team Expectations
- Project Timeline 