# Meeting Notes
## Meta Info
- **Date/Time** Mar 01 2026 @ 2:30 PM
- **Location** Discord
- **Attendance**
  - [X] Kilhoon (Andy) Kim
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [ ] Dorje Pradhan
  - [X] Vy (Kiet) Dang
  - [ ] Kobe Wood
- **Purpose** Review EDA progress

## Notes
### Group Progress
#### Section 1
People: Kiet and Kobe
- No progress.

#### Section 2: Avg Players
Person: Dorje

Overview and feedback:
- Graph 1 shows the proportion trends of play modes.
  - As mentioned in Discord, there are some weird peaks e.g. at start of 2019, before end of 2021, and beginning of 2023.
- Graph 2 shows distribution of average concurrent players (log-scaled) per COVID period.
  - There are lot of outliers. Do we want to re-examine these because it's kinda noisy.
- Graph 3 shows proportion of play modes per COVID period.
  - Maybe make the y-axis interval every 0.5 to have an easier time estimating the values (also make the y-axis exceed the highest bar peak so we can tell what value it is e.g. COVID period singleplayer bar).

#### Section 3: Peak Players
Person: Andy

Overview and feedback:
- Graph 1 shows the proportion trends of play modes. This is similar to what Dorje's graph looks like.
- Graph 2: period proportions by play modes (histogram)
- Graph 3: period proportions by play modes (kinda the same as graph 2 but whisker plot)
  - Outliers may not have significant meaning. Also start y-axis at 0.
  - Maybe change this to raw counts and normalize y-axis with log-scale (see Dorje's graph 2).


### Next Steps and Feedback
- For **Sections 2 and 3**,
  - It may be helpful to write code to literally write out the differences to mathematically show any increase or decrease in growth (e.g. when showing the proportions per period, it would be interesting to see the diff. between 18-19 to 20-21 [like 4% increase]).
    - Alternatively, explicitly include the % values on the graphs.
- For **merging and finalizing for EDA checkpoint**:
  - Make x-axis labels consistent across sections (e.g. call period "Pre-COVID (2018-2019)", etc.).
  - Keep coloring consistent (**Andy likes magma, so maybe we'll stick with magma**).

### To-Do
| Person | Section | 
| ----   | ----    |
| Andy   | Clean up your responsible section. Add commentary/documentation. Investigate weird peaking (also happening w/ Dorje) |
| Ashley | Back-up if needed; will handle merging and copy-pasting old checkpoint stuff |
| Dorje  | Clean up your responsible section. Investigate weird peaking (also happening with Andy's data... so maybe collab?) |
| Kiet   | Work on Section 1 |
| Kobe   | Work on Section 1 |

**Please be done with most, if not all, of your work by Wednesday (3/4) morning at the latest.**
- For merging, we'll make a branch called `EDA-combined` with everyone's progress. before merging to main.

## Upcoming: 
- EDA Checkpoint: 3/4 @ 11:59pm
- Next meeting: 3/8 @ 2:30pm